[CROWD cheering]
[MAESHIMA]
Hey!
Look. I just...
I just want you to hear this!
If I lose to you today,
I'll quit figure skating!
I really mean that! I swear it!
[ANNOUNCER A] It's the All-Japan
Novice Championships!
The skater on the ice
right now is fifth grader,
Kensei Maeshima!
[CROWD cheering]
[F COMMENTATOR A] He landed
that double axel beautifully.
Well done.
He should be proud.
[ANNOUNCER A] Reo Shinozaki
currently has a healthy lead,
but Maeshima could still
turn the tables on him!
Maeshima's parents,
who were also his coaches
and former pro-skaters
themselves,
were tragically lost in a
car accident two months ago.
He's overcome quite
a lot to be here.
[COMMENTATOR A] It's notable
that in past championships,
he's always been edged
out by Shinozaki.
He seems more determined
than ever before
if we can judge by his
performance here today.
[MAESHIMA]
Grandma. Grandpa.
I'm sorry for making you
anxious about me.
But, if I finally
nab first place,
that should help you relax!
And I'll get to skate more!
[CROWD cheering]
[COMMENTATOR A]
He landed every jump perfectly.
We can expect solid marks.
[ANNOUNCER A]
Let's see! Any moment now!
[CROWD cheering]
[ANNOUNCER A]
Oh, wow!
He was just three tenths
of a point shy!
The champion is,
once again, Reo Shinozaki!
[MAESHIMA]
But I practiced so hard. Why?
I mean... I get that I don't
know when to give up.
I know it's weird.
But... But if he were to...
Shinozaki.
Okay, if he at least
acknowledges me as his rival.
It looks like you beat me again.
Then I could keep going.
But next time?
I'm definitely gonna--
[SHINOZAKI]
The results are in.
You can't beat me.
Just stop trying.
You're wasting your time.
You should quit figure
skating altogether.
[F REPORTER A] Shinozaki, you've
won the Japan Championships
four times in a row.
Why switch to skate-leading now?
This was my plan all along.
In fact, I've already
submitted the paperwork.
[REPORTER A] People expected
you to debut at the Seniors
now that you're in high school.
What made you decide to do this?
[SHINOZAKI] Making this decision
was necessary in order
for me to grow.
[REPORTER B]
As you know, many of your rivals
from your younger days
have transitioned over
to skate-leading.
Are you looking forward
to seeing and competing
against them again?
[SHINOZAKI]
I'm not interested in that.
As an athlete, I have one goal,
no matter what I'm competing at.
I just aim for the top.
[MAESHIMA chuckles]
Man, you just kicked our butts!
[STUDENT D] You should join
the basketball club, Maeshima.
They'd make you a
regular player right away.
Thanks, but no thanks.
I can't stand practicing.
[STUDENT C]
Get out! If that's true,
how come you
can move like that?
It's not that hard!
Lotsa basketball videos online.
[STUDENT D] Well, most people
can't pick up those kinds
of moves just by
watching videos!
'Preciate ya.
[FRIEND A] You know, you said
the same thing once before.
[MAESHIMA]
Huh?
[FRIEND A] Remember?
During the baseball game?
You said you'd copied
a pro player
from an online video.
[FRIEND B] Didn't you tell
us that's how you learned
to play soccer, too?
[FRIEND A] I remember the
baseball and soccer clubs
were trying hard to recruit you.
[FRIEND B] But when you got
cocky and challenged the go
and shogi clubs,
you got thrashed.
You're a total meathead,
you know. Ya lunk.
[MAESHIMA]
Shut up.
[FRIEND A]
You're wasting your talent.
You shouldn't lay around
at home after school like us.
You should join a club.
It's not my thing.
I'd only wanna do the fun stuff.
Like playing in a match
to look cool--
[FRIEND B] Aren't they
the skate-leading club?
I'm sorry!
I can help any club except
skate-related ones,
unfortunately.
I don't care if we did used
to be in the same club before!
[JONOUCHI laughs]
Not me! I wasn't in that club!
Hey.
Okay, okay.
Maeshima.
What are you talking about?
No one in our club is
in any way inferior to you.
We'd never ask for your help.
That's good to know, I guess.
Why bother lying?
You do wanna skate with us.
People believed in you, too.
You're the one who
chose what you are now.
[KUBOTA]
Uh... Captain.
[KIRIYAMA]
Maeshima.
I really couldn't hate you any
more than I do at this point.
If you don't wanna take
part in skate-leading,
that's fine.
But don't act like
we're old friends.
Just stop. That atti--
Okay, take the intensity
down a notch.
Bye, now.
See you later.
[MAESHIMA laughs]
Yeah, see ya!
Sorry guys.
I gotta go take a leak.
Huh? But we're about to clear
this level, though, dude!
Look behind you.
[FRIEND B]
Huh?
Jeez, he's so messed up.
[FRIEND A] Despite what he says,
he never talks about his
early days, you know.
[MAESHIMA]
What a wuss.
This is exciting!
Now that Shinozaki is moving
over from figure-skating,
skate-leading's
entered the spotlight!
Here are the basics.
[MC A] Skate-leading,
AKA team figure skating,
consists of five members
who skate as a team
in three positions.
"Leads" are point-getters who
perform the jump combinations.
"Wings" are agile skaters
who get lifted in moves
like the twist lift.
"Guards" offer support
for lifts and steps.
Teams must have at least
one skater for each
of these positions.
But all five skate
at once, right?
That must be hard
for the judges.
[F ASSISTANT]
Right.
That's where this automatic
measurement system comes in.
It uses 15 cameras to record--
[phone ringing]
[ADACHI]
What is it?
This better not be
about skate-leading.
See ya!
Later, man!
[MAESHIMA]
Yeah.
[SASUGAI] Excuse me, can
I ask you for directions?
Oh, sure. Where do you need to--
[SASUGAI]
Thank you so much!
I just moved to
the area recently,
and I don't want people
to think that I'm a bumpkin,
but the truth is I don't
know my way around here
at all.
To think that the first
person I talked to was so nice!
I'm glad I mustered up the--
Okay, okay, I get it!
So, where do you wanna go?
[SASUGAI] Right.
I'm looking for two ice rinks:
the one where Ionodai High's
skate-leading team practices
and the one Reo Shinozaki uses.
Sorry. Ask someone else.
Come on, don't be
so cold-hearted, dude.
Let's chat,
Kensei Maeshima,
former novice skater.
Runner-up at All-Japan.
[SASUGAI laughs]
Here, look, check this out.
Someone uploaded it.
I heard this is Shinozaki's
next exhibition program.
He's good, isn't he?
The moves are so sharp.
Made me want
to see it in person.
What's your problem?
If you're a fan,
look it up on your phone
and go by yourself!
He's biting.
[MAESHIMA] Grandpa,
I'm gonna run for a bit.
[MAESHIMA] Yep, he does
tighten his muscles here.
Which means...
That's weird.
I wonder, is it because
I'm on the ground?
Hmm.
On the ice, I'll have to push
more with the back outside edge.
How do I take off?
I have to use the right side
as an axis, or I'll land wrong.
That wasn't bad!
[SASUGAI]
I acknowledge your effort.
Problem is, you do
a thing where you tend
to bend forward when you jump.
That's why your left leg
becomes unstable.
You should stop training
only on the ground.
[MAESHIMA]
What's with you?
Why stalk me
instead of Shinozaki?
Leave me alone,
or I'm gonna report you
to the police.
[SASUGAI]
Go right ahead.
You sure, though?
'Cause if you do that,
your grandparents will find out
you've been out here practicing
figure skating every day.
Considering how far this
park is from your house,
I'm gonna guess that
you've been hiding it, right?
Maybe you don't
wanna worry them.
[MAESHIMA] You ran into me on
purpose earlier, didn't you?
Fine, who are you?
And what do you want?
Sorry I skipped that before.
Allow me to introduce
myself properly.
I'm Hayato Sasugai,
Reo Shinozaki's half-brother.
What'd you say?
You're Shinozaki's brother?
Younger.
But our old man is
a special kind of jerk
'Cause technically
we're the same age.
He was just born a
little earlier than me.
Wanna tell me what
you're doing here?
[SASUGAI]
Revenge.
Shinozaki is such
a royal pain in the neck
that just looking at
the guy makes me want
to throw up.
He's always out front.
No matter what he does,
he's up ahead of me
without fail, wearing
that condescending look.
Sound familiar?
[SHINOZAKI] You can't beat me.
Just stop trying.
You should quit
figure skating altogether.
[SASUGAI] I finally found
a place I could belong,
and he stole it from me.
Belong?
[SASUGAI]
I mean Skate-Leading.
But then, I had a thought.
This could be the chance
I need to knock him down
off his throne.
Fortunately, this town
has Ionodai High.
And best of all, there's you.
You guys'd have the
strongest team for sure.
[MAESHIMA] Well, sorry, dude,
but I quit skating ages ago--
Come back to the ice, Maeshima!
[MAESHIMA]
What're you talking about?
"Come back?"?
Yeah, come back, I need you.
[MAESHIMA laughs]
You came here just to say that?
So it's "the strongest
team," huh?
And you need me
for your revenge?
If you need it that badly,
then maybe you should
go lead the team yourse--
[SASUGAI]
Can't jump anymore.
There've been lots of surgeries.
I can walk, but I can't
go back on the ice.
I'm like you, though.
There's something
I can't quite give up.
You feel the same way.
I know you do!
Right now, I'm aiming to
be a skate-leading coach.
My goal is to coach
the national team
for world competitions.
Should be your size.
Try 'em out.
You're giving me those?
I'm assuming you know,
this weekend is Shinozaki's
last exhibition.
Memorize the video you
saw and meet me there.
I'll get you a slot.
Let's go and raise that comeback
flag, right in his face.
[MAESHIMA]
Screw that! Why would I?
[SASUGAI] You ever heard
the phrase "carpe diem?"
Or do you plan on spending
the rest of your life in regret?
Take it from someone
with experience.
If you keep lying to yourself,
you'll get so confused,
you'll eventually
forget who you are.
Captain. Since it's over,
can I go now?
Not a chance.
What do you think we came for?
Get a good look
at Shinozaki. Okay?
Most likely,
he'll be skating lead, too.
You're our ace, he'll be theirs.
Wait. I'm the ace! Right?
Would you just be quiet?
Well, personality-wise,
I'd say that he's probably
the most suited for it.
[ANNOUNCER B]
Thank you for waiting!
The following program will be
performed by Reo Shinozaki.
His last before transitioning
to skate-leading!
[buzzer]
[music plays]
[MAESHIMA]
Screw that! Dammit!
[MAESHIMA yells]
[MAESHIMA] I didn't give it up
just to be mocked by a guy
like that!
No way.
I refuse!
Not when I can still jump!
I'm gonna skate!
Good, you're already
warmed up, then!
What's the deal?
Did you come all this way
to be pissy or to skate?
[CROWD cheering]
[ANNOUNCER B] What a wonderful
final performance by Shinozaki!
We can't help but look
forward to seeing him try
skate-leading!
Reo Shinozaki is on
a perfect skater's path.
Please, let's give
him a hand again!
[CROWD cheering]
[MAESHIMA]
Hey.
Don't worry, this room
is specifically reserved
for trainees.
[MAESHIMA]
But that guy--
I've settled up with
his friends, so it's fine.
To be honest, his skating
is just passable anyway.
That's no excuse
for me to skate.
[SASUGAI]
Then what'd you come for?
You've got skates
in that bag, right?
I recognized your talent.
Be confident.
You have unbelievable
energy and vision.
You also have the control
that allows you to move
with the precision
to match what you see
in your head, which is rare.
Who cares about the past?
You're the only one who's
hung up on his pride, here.
Anyway, wasn't it fifth grade?
Not a good look, dude.
No, I was just--!
Stop whining.
Just go show 'em on the ice.
[ANNOUNCER B] The second half
of our exhibition will begin
in a moment.
We'll dim the lights just
before the first program,
so please watch your step
heading back to your seats,
folks.
Sit down.
You need to stay until the end;
it's just polite.
What're you saying?
You saw Shinozaki
perform earlier.
If he's that good
at skate-leading...
We can't just sit around here.
We gotta get practicing now!
[KIRIYAMA]
Terauchi.
[MAESHIMA]
That damn Sasugai.
Who does he think he is?
And this program!
Hmph. But who cares?
I'm skating because I want to.
That's what matters now.
[SASUGAI]
You get it, right, Maeshima?
It all depends on how
well you can copy him.
[ATTENDANT A] Uh, excuse me,
sir, about this program change.
Oh, it's okay.
Yamada wanted it to be
a surprise for Shinozaki,
because he's his friend.
You get it.
Kuonji's known him forever.
[music plays]
Huh. This is different from
his planned program.
Isn't this the same
music Shinozaki used?
[SASUGAI]
Now, show us what you can do.
What the--?
That's Shinozaki's music, right?
Hold on, even the
routine's the same!
Ridiculous!
Why weren't we told about this?
[SASUGAI]
Don't worry about the mistakes.
You haven't been on
the rink in a while.
[MAESHIMA]
Well, damn.
But this is weird.
What's happening?
This is fun.
Oh, that's right!
I love this!
And I'm back in the rink!
I can do so much
more on ice than dirt!
I can jump!
Wow, is that really Yamada?
His skills are super rough.
That's true.
Great instincts, though.
I like what he's doing.
[SASUGAI]
Once. Just once is enough.
Show everyone here
what you've got.
Then the path will open up!
Do it now!
Holy...
[ANNOUNCER B]
Was that a quadruple?
What a surprise!
Yamada was performing
exactly the same program,
but I don't think the quad
flip was in there before.
[SASUGAI] That bastard went and
added some stuff on his own!
[CROWD cheering]
[SASUGAI]
Maeshima.
You're like a puppy.
When you're happy,
you jump around too much.
[MAESHIMA]
Shut up.
[SASUGAI] It stirred the
soul, though, didn't it?
[MAESHIMA laughs]
Deep down, I think
I've been wanting to do this
for years.
[SASUGAI] Then... we have
a deal on teaming up?
I'll take you to the top.
Whaddya say?
[MAESHIMA]
So high and mighty.
[YAMADA]
Hey! You two!
You guys're the ones who
lied and locked me up,
--aren't you?
--[MAESHIMA] What?
[SASUGAI] Okay, look, you want
money? I can pay!
[YAMADA]
That's not the point!
Someone! Catch them!
You bastard!
What the hell did you do?
Yeah, yeah, sorry!
[MAESHIMA]
What, was your ankle a lie, too?
Oh, that was makeup.
It's true I suck
at skating, though.
Huh?!
[laughs]
Sheesh.
You sound like a crazy man.
[laughing continues]
[MAESHIMA]
So, yes, I, Kensei Maeshima,
may have goofed around
a lot yesterday,
but now, I'm formally joining
the skate-leading club!
Thank you!
Oh, yeah? You think so?
Don't assume it's okay
just because we've known
each other forever.
Fact of the matter is,
there's no place for you
in our club.
[AKIMITSU]
Captain.
[HIMEKAWA]
[JONOUCHI]
Captain!
[YUKIMITSU]
Captain Terauchi.
[MAESHIMA]
Sho!
[TERAUCHI]
What, Maeshima?
[GROUP gasps]
[KIRIYAMA]
Terauchi. I can't believe you.
[TERAUCHI] What? Did I
do something wrong? Or?